Deprecate realm names with a leading underscore (#73366) (#73319)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_14.asciidoc

To find out if you are using any deprecated functionality,
enable <<deprecation-logging, deprecation logging>>.

[discrete]
[[deprecated-7.14]]
=== Deprecations

The following functionality has been deprecated in {es} 7.14
and will be removed in 8.0.
While this won't have an immediate impact on your applications,
we strongly encourage you take the described steps to update your code
after upgrading to 7.14.

NOTE: Significant changes in behavior are deprecated in a minor release and
the old behavior is supported until the next major release.
To find out if you are using any deprecated functionality,
enable <<deprecation-logging, deprecation logging>>.

[discrete]
[[breaking_714_security_changes]]
==== Security deprecations

[[reserved-prefixed-realm-names]]
.Configuring a realm name with a leading underscore is deprecated.
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
Elasticsearch creates "synthetic" realm names on the fly for services like API keys.
These synthetic realm names are prefixed with an underscore.
Currently, user configured realms can also be given a name with a leading underscore.
This creates confusion since realm names are meant to be unique for a node.

*Impact* +

> Configuring a realm name with a leading underscore is deprecated. In 8.0.0,

Reviewer: I don't think we should document that things _will_ happen in 8.0 if we haven't actually planned to do that work.
Perhaps,
```suggestion
Configuring a realm name with a leading underscore is deprecated. In a future releases of {es}
```
